[Music]
[Music] Psalm 22 to the chief musician set to
Psalm 22 to the chief musician set to
Psalm 22 to the chief musician set to the
the
the of the dorm a psalm of david my god my
of the dorm a psalm of david my god my
of the dorm a psalm of david my god my god why have you forsaken me why are you
god why have you forsaken me why are you
god why have you forsaken me why are you so far from helping me and from the
so far from helping me and from the
so far from helping me and from the words of my groaning oh my god I cry in
words of my groaning oh my god I cry in
words of my groaning oh my god I cry in the daytime but you do not hear and in
the daytime but you do not hear and in
the daytime but you do not hear and in the night season and I'm not silent but
the night season and I'm not silent but
the night season and I'm not silent but you are holy enthroned in the praises of
you are holy enthroned in the praises of
you are holy enthroned in the praises of Israel
Israel
Israel our fathers trusted in you they trusted
our fathers trusted in you they trusted
our fathers trusted in you they trusted and you delivered them they cried to you
and you delivered them they cried to you
and you delivered them they cried to you and were delivered they trusted in you
and were delivered they trusted in you
and were delivered they trusted in you and were not ashamed but I am a worm and
and were not ashamed but I am a worm and
and were not ashamed but I am a worm and no man a reproach of men and despised by
no man a reproach of men and despised by
no man a reproach of men and despised by the people all those who see me ridicule
the people all those who see me ridicule
the people all those who see me ridicule me they shoot out the lip they shake the
me they shoot out the lip they shake the
me they shoot out the lip they shake the head saying he trusted in the Lord
head saying he trusted in the Lord
head saying he trusted in the Lord let him rescue him let him deliver him
let him rescue him let him deliver him
let him rescue him let him deliver him since he delights in him but you are he
since he delights in him but you are he
since he delights in him but you are he who took me out of the womb you made me
who took me out of the womb you made me
who took me out of the womb you made me trust while on my mother's breasts I was
trust while on my mother's breasts I was
trust while on my mother's breasts I was cast upon you from birth from my
cast upon you from birth from my
cast upon you from birth from my mother's womb you have been my God be
mother's womb you have been my God be
mother's womb you have been my God be not far from me for trouble is near for
not far from me for trouble is near for
not far from me for trouble is near for there is none to help many bulls have
there is none to help many bulls have
there is none to help many bulls have surrounded me strong Bulls of Bashan
surrounded me strong Bulls of Bashan
surrounded me strong Bulls of Bashan have encircled me they gape at me with
have encircled me they gape at me with
have encircled me they gape at me with their mouths like a raging and roaring
their mouths like a raging and roaring
their mouths like a raging and roaring lion
lion
lion I am poured out like water and all my
I am poured out like water and all my
I am poured out like water and all my bones are out of joint my heart is like
bones are out of joint my heart is like
bones are out of joint my heart is like wax it is melted within me my strength
wax it is melted within me my strength
wax it is melted within me my strength is dried up like a potsherd and my
is dried up like a potsherd and my
is dried up like a potsherd and my tongue clings to my jaws you have
tongue clings to my jaws you have
tongue clings to my jaws you have brought me to the dust of death for dogs
brought me to the dust of death for dogs
brought me to the dust of death for dogs have surrounded me the congregation of
have surrounded me the congregation of
have surrounded me the congregation of the wicked has enclosed me they pierced
the wicked has enclosed me they pierced
the wicked has enclosed me they pierced my hands and my feet I can count all my
my hands and my feet I can count all my
my hands and my feet I can count all my bones they look and stare at me
bones they look and stare at me
bones they look and stare at me they divide my garments among them and
they divide my garments among them and
they divide my garments among them and for my clothing they cast lots but you O
for my clothing they cast lots but you O
for my clothing they cast lots but you O Lord do not be far for me o my strength
Lord do not be far for me o my strength
Lord do not be far for me o my strength hastened to help me deliver me from the
hastened to help me deliver me from the
hastened to help me deliver me from the sword my precious life from the power of
sword my precious life from the power of
sword my precious life from the power of the dog saved me from the lion's mouth
the dog saved me from the lion's mouth
the dog saved me from the lion's mouth and from the horns of the wild oxen you
and from the horns of the wild oxen you
and from the horns of the wild oxen you have answered me I will declare your
have answered me I will declare your
have answered me I will declare your name to my brethren in the midst of the
name to my brethren in the midst of the
name to my brethren in the midst of the assembly I will praise you you who fear
assembly I will praise you you who fear
assembly I will praise you you who fear the Lord praise him all you descendants
the Lord praise him all you descendants
the Lord praise him all you descendants of Jacob glorify him and fear him all
of Jacob glorify him and fear him all
of Jacob glorify him and fear him all you offspring of Israel for he has not
you offspring of Israel for he has not
you offspring of Israel for he has not despised nor abhorred the affliction of
despised nor abhorred the affliction of
despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted nor has he hidden his face
the afflicted nor has he hidden his face
the afflicted nor has he hidden his face from him but when he cried to him he
from him but when he cried to him he
from him but when he cried to him he heard my praise shall be of you in the
heard my praise shall be of you in the
heard my praise shall be of you in the great assembly I will pay my vows before
great assembly I will pay my vows before
great assembly I will pay my vows before those who fear him the poor shall eat
those who fear him the poor shall eat
those who fear him the poor shall eat and be satisfied those who seek Him will
and be satisfied those who seek Him will
and be satisfied those who seek Him will praise the Lord let your heart live
praise the Lord let your heart live
praise the Lord let your heart live forever all the ends of the world shall
forever all the ends of the world shall
forever all the ends of the world shall remember and turn to the Lord and all
remember and turn to the Lord and all
remember and turn to the Lord and all the families of the nations shall
the families of the nations shall
the families of the nations shall worship before you for the kingdom is
worship before you for the kingdom is
worship before you for the kingdom is the Lord's and He rules over the
the Lord's and He rules over the
the Lord's and He rules over the nation's all the prosperous of the earth
nation's all the prosperous of the earth
nation's all the prosperous of the earth shall eat and worship all those who go
shall eat and worship all those who go
shall eat and worship all those who go down to the dust shall bow before him
down to the dust shall bow before him
down to the dust shall bow before him even he who cannot keep himself alive a
even he who cannot keep himself alive a
even he who cannot keep himself alive a posterity shall serve him it will be
posterity shall serve him it will be
posterity shall serve him it will be recounted of the Lord to the next
recounted of the Lord to the next
recounted of the Lord to the next generation they will come and declare
generation they will come and declare
generation they will come and declare his righteousness to a people who will
his righteousness to a people who will
his righteousness to a people who will be born
be born
be born that he has done this
that he has done this
that he has done this [Music]